Motto—New Beijing, Great Olympics

Reform and opening up to the outside world have brought about great changes in Beijing, a city with a 3,000-year history. The city has taken on a co mpletely new look as it enters the new century. It will embrace the athletes and friends from the rest of the world attending the Olympic Games with great enthusiasm.

The great modern Olympic Movement has gone through many changes in the past 100 years. The Olympic Games should be held in China, the most populous nation in the world, the Olympic spirit will be even further disseminated and a new page will be turned in the Olympic history; and the Olympic Movement will show its unique splendor to the world in the new millennium.www.gaosan.com
Dear Bob,

I’m so glad to learn that you’re coming in September. I’ve found a place for you. It’s a small flat of 25 square meters, with a bedroom, a bathroom and a kitchen. In the bedroom there is a bed, a sofa, a desk and a chair. The rent is 500 yuan per month. The flat is in a building on Fangcao Street, which is not far from Jianxin Chinese School. Bus No.11 can take you straight to the school. In fact, it’s only one stop. Do you think you’d like it? If not, I can try and find another place for you. Just let me know.

Yours，Dear Sarah,

I am terribly sorry to tell you that I am unable toattend your birthday party next Thursday evening. That is owing to(因为) the fact that (同位语从句)my younger brother suddenly fell ill and was taken to a hospital thismorning. I have to go there immediately and take care of him. As told by thedoctor in charge, it will take around five days for him to recover and I haveasked my boss for a leave.

I really regret that I cannot go to celebrate yourbirthday personally and would miss the perfect chance of enjoying myself withall our old friends. I have chosen a small gift for you and will send it to youtomorrow to show my best wishes. Besides, please give my regards to our friendswhen you meet them at the party.

Cordially, (sincerely)

高中英语作文范文五
These days, breaking traffic rules and littering are not uncommon, causing serious harm to life and the environment. Changing this situation requires considerable effort on the part of everyone. As for me, it should start on the way to school.（短文学网www.duanwenxue.com）

I will keep traffic rules in mind all the way. If I ride a bicycle, I'll always keep to the right and never cross a road until the traffic light turns green. If I walk, I'll never forget to use the pedestrian crossing. Meanwhile, I'll regard it as my duty to help keep our environment clean and healthy. Not only will I keep from littering and spitting anywhere, I will also help clean up the roadside litter whenever possible. I hope my behavior will make a difference.